HTTP content-range (#11480)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/content-range/index.md

- \<unit>
  - : The unit in which ranges are specified. This is usually `bytes`.
- \<range-start>

>   - : An integer in the given unit indicating the beginning unit position of the request range.

Reviewer: I tried an internet search to confirm the term "unit position" means what I think it does. Couldn't find a good match,  implies that many readers will not find this more any helpful than the current text. Might we just spell it out?
```suggestion
  - : An integer in the given unit indicating the start of the request range (zero-indexed).
```
Same for the other case.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for your recommendations! I have updated the PR. 
I searched a doc for your reference: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7233#section-2.1
